[docs][popover] Add `openOnHover` demo (#3140)
mui/base-ui: docs/src/app/(public)/(content)/react/components/popover/page.mdx

## Examples

### Opening on hover

> This example shows how you can configure the popover to open on hover using the `openOnHover` prop.

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding a callout explaining when this pattern should be used instead of a Tooltip 👀

> You can use the `delay` prop to specify how long to wait (in milliseconds) before the popover may be opened on hover.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `delay` prop to specify how long to wait (in milliseconds) before the popover opens on hover.
```
